initial documentation updates for recent exporter changes for point release (#2519)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/packaging/project-export/project-export-cli.md

To learn more about the AssetBundler and Seed Files, please visit the [overview page on the AssetBundler tool](https://docs.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/overview/).

## Getting Started
### TL;DR

> For any new project that you quickly want to test with export, assuming you are using the Default Level supplied with the project as your base, you can quickly do this by double clicking on the [`export.bat`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.bat) script (or running the [`export.sh`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.sh) script on unix) in the root of your Project folder.

Reviewer: Pretty sure we say `Linux` instead of `Unix` in general in our docs when referring to the platform.

```suggestion
For any new project that you quickly want to test with export, assuming you are using the Default Level supplied with the project as your base, you can quickly do this by double clicking on the [`export.bat`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.bat) script (or running the [`export.sh`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.sh) script on Linux) in the root of your Project folder.
```

> For any new project that you quickly want to test with export, assuming you are using the Default Level supplied with the project as your base, you can quickly do this by double clicking on the [`export.bat`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.bat) script (or running the [`export.sh`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.sh) script on unix) in the root of your Project folder.

Author: went with spham's suggestion for the first paragraph

> For any new project that you quickly want to test with export, assuming you are using the Default Level supplied with the project as your base, you can quickly do this by double clicking on the [`export.bat`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.bat) script (or running the [`export.sh`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.sh) script on Linux) in the root of your Project folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any project that you want to export, assuming you are using the Default Level supplied with the template as your base, you can do this by running the [`export.bat`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.bat) script (or running the [`export.sh`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/480ce34ab7f3056113e17056125c89ae220bef7a/Templates/DefaultProject/Template/export.sh) script on Linux) in the root of your project folder.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure if we want to link to github the source for the scripts. Not really necessary, and not the exact same file considering these are templates and will have at least the engine root replaced when writing to the new project location.

Reviewer 2: I also don't think you need to say 'assuming you are using the default level`, because the export script does not specify the level at all. They can still use their own level name, provided they update the loadlevel value in their load_level.setreg file that will be created from the template.

Author: i think i agree with your take here spham, b/c the script may morph over time.

> Project Export functionality is also available on a per-project basis. This is because there are helper export scripts that are included in the Project Templates, as can be seen with. These scripts are included at the root folder of every new Project created with the `DefaultProject` and `MinimalProject` templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project export functionality is available on a per-project basis. Helper export scripts are included at the root folder of every new project created with the `DefaultProject` or `MinimalProject` templates.
```

> Project Export functionality is also available on a per-project basis. This is because there are helper export scripts that are included in the Project Templates, as can be seen with. These scripts are included at the root folder of every new Project created with the `DefaultProject` and `MinimalProject` templates.
> 
> The package scripts pre-populate the relevant arguments for the given project, and then call `export-project` on the user's behalf.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New projects created from either the `DefaultProject` or `MinimalProject` templates will contain project export helper scripts that simplifies the process to export these projects. These scripts provide a simple base-line for the arguments and settings that are usually needed to export projects when using the O3DE `export-project` command line tool.
```

If you need to run it from the command line, simply run the following command (assuming project has already been created and registered):
```
# On Windows
\path\to\project\export.bat

> #On Unix

Reviewer 2: We don't support Unix like the one on Jurassic Park
```suggestion
#On Linux
```

> #On Linux
> \path\to\project\export.sh
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#On Linux
/path/to/project/export.sh
```
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: For command line examples for different platforms, separate into different code snippets. The '#' comment is for scripts, not command line examples, so that should not be in the snippet, and make it so its something that can be copy/pasted directly into the terminal. You can also use tabs. (note that I had to escape the triple back-tick in the suggestion otherwise the suggestion will be cut-off. Don't apply directly in this PR, but make the change locally with the escaped backticks removed.

```suggestion

{{< tabs name="Export Script" >}}
Assuming `$PROJECT_HOME` is set to the root of the newly created project.
{{% tab name="Windows" %}}
\```shell
$PROJECT_HOME/export.sh
\```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Linux" %}}
Assuming `%PROJECT_HOME%` is set to the root of the newly created project.
{{% tab name="Windows" %}}
\```shell
%PROJECT_HOME%/export.bat
\```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

```

> Please note that this will only cover the most basic use cases for getting started quickly. For more info on the export-command in general, keep reading below.

Reviewer 3: {{< note >}}
Be sure your [project is registered with the engine](https://youtu.be/SZC13S0YZZs?si=zlkAnflTiHQCYcA2&t=146).
{{< /note >}}

{{< note >}}
Export.bat will only cover the most basic use cases for getting started. For more info on the export-command in general, keep reading below.
{{< /note >}}

To learn more about the AssetBundler and Seed Files, please visit the [overview page on the AssetBundler tool](https://docs.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/packaging/asset-bundler/overview/).

## Getting Started

### Quick Project Export
For any project that you want to quickly export, you can do this by running the `export.bat` script (or running the `export.sh` script on Linux) in the root of your project folder.

New projects created from either the `DefaultProject` or `MinimalProject` templates will contain project export helper scripts that simplifies the process to export these projects. These scripts provide a simple base-line for the arguments and settings that are usually needed to export projects when using the O3DE `export-project` command line tool.

> If you need to run it from the command line, simply run the following command (assuming project has already been created and registered):

Reviewer 3: How else do you run it? Also, project will be created (it exists on your hard drive). It will be always be registered if you created it. Registration is only an issue if you downloaded it from someone else. Creating a project via project manager or o3de.py create-project will register it for you.
```suggestion
Run it from the command line:
```

Author: Looks like the original statement about double clicking the batch file was removed, so that line no longer makes sense. I'll take your suggestion.

Please note that these arguments are defined in tandem with the [Project Export Configuration](#export-script-configurations) system, which chooses which parameters are exposed to the user in the CLI based on project defaults.

The arguments are as follows:
| Argument Name | Description | Required? |
| - | - | - |
| [`--script-help`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L238) | Display the help information specifically for the export script. | no |
| [`--output-path`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L239) | Defines the location on the system where the release layout directory for the project should be located. For each desired launcher, a separate release folder will be prepared. | yes |
| [`--config`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L243) | Defines the CMake build configuration when building the project's binaries, such as GameLauncher. Options are either `profile` or `release`. | no |

> | [`--tool-config`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L249) | Defines the CMake build configuration when building the project's binaries, such as GameLauncher. Options are either `profile` or `release`. | no |

Reviewer 3: wrong description?

Author: thank you for that catch

| [`--fail-on-asset-errors or --continue-on-asset-errors`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L270-L275) | Forcibly fail the export process should errors with assets be encountered. This is not enabled by default, as asset errors are common, and usually not severe. Use this if stricter validation is required. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.fail.on.asset.errors`.  | no |
| [`--seedlist`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L277-L282) | Path to a seedlist file for asset bundling. Specify multiple times for each seed list | no |
| [`--seedfile`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L284-L289) | Path to a seed file for asset bundling. Example seed files are levels or prefabs | no |

> | [`--level-name`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L291-L296) | The name of the level you want to export. This will look in `<o3de_project_path>/Cache/levels` to fetch the right level prefab | no |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| [`--level-name`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L291-L296) | The name of the level you want to export. This will look in `<o3de_project_path>/Cache/levels` to fetch the right level prefab. Specify multiple times for each level in your game. This is not necessary if the level is already defined inside of a seed list.| no |
```

| [`--unified-launcher or --no-unified-launcher`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L367-L372) | This determines whether or not to build the Unified Launcher. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.unified.launcher`. | no |
| [`--platform`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L389) | The expected target platform that assets will be processed and built for. If not specified, the user's host platform will be used. | no |
| [`--engine-centric or --project-centric`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/753480ec930e55f3431f92ed7b974ba7f9e73a13/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L238) | Determines whether to use the engine-centric work flow to export the project. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.engine.centric`. | no |

> | [`--monolithic or --non-monolithic`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L381-L386) | Determines whether to use the monolithic builds when exporting the project. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.monolithic`. | no |

Reviewer: I thought this now defaults to true?

Author: The user can set the default at any time, due to how `export-project-configure` works. I outline both possibilities here in case they ever change the default so they know what to look for.

You can issue the arguments for this script at the same time that you are running the `export-project` command, so long as you are using the script as your designated export script. The arguments specific to the script will be deferred until the script begins running.

Please note that these arguments are defined in tandem with the [Project Export Configuration](#export-script-configurations) system, which chooses which parameters are exposed to the user in the CLI based on project defaults.

The arguments are as follows:
| Argument Name | Description | Required? |
| - | - | - |
| [`--script-help`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L238) | Display the help information specifically for the export script. | no |

> | [`--output-path`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L239) | Defines the location on the system where the release layout directory for the project should be located. For each desired launcher, a separate release folder will be prepared. | yes |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--output-path`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L239) | Defines the location on the system where the release layout directory for the project should be located. For each desired launcher, a separate sub folder will be prepared under the release layout folder. | yes |
```

| [`--config`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L243) | Defines the CMake build configuration when building the project's binaries, such as GameLauncher. Options are either `profile` or `release`. | no |
| [`--tool-config`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L249) | The CMake build configuration to use when building tool binaries. Options are either `profile` or `release`. | no |

> | [`--archive-output`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L255) | Automatically archive the output release directories as bundled archive files, such as zip files. | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--archive-output`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L255) | Specify the format to use to archive the package. Options are | `none`, `zip`, `gzip`, `bz2`, and `xz`. |
```

> | [`--build-assets or --skip-build-assets`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L262-L267) | This determines processing all assets in the project according to asset processor settings, and run the asset bundler as well for specified seedlist files. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.assets`. | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--build-assets or --skip-build-assets`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L262-L267) | This determines processing all assets in the project according to asset processor settings, and run the asset bundler as well for specified seedlist files. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.assets`, and provides a way to override the default. | no |
```

> | [`--build-assets or --skip-build-assets`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L262-L267) | This determines processing all assets in the project according to asset processor settings, and run the asset bundler as well for specified seedlist files. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.assets`, and provides a way to override the default. | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--build-assets`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L262-L267) | Override the default behavior to include processing all assets and run the asset bundler for the project. This option is available when the export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.assets` is `False`. | no |
| [`--skip-build-assets`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L262-L267) | Override the default behavior to skip reprocessing and rebundling of all assets for the project. This option is available when the export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.assets` is `True`. | no |

```

> | [`--fail-on-asset-errors or --continue-on-asset-errors`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L270-L275) | Forcibly fail the export process should errors with assets be encountered. This is not enabled by default, as asset errors are common, and usually not severe. Use this if stricter validation is required. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.fail.on.asset.errors`.  | no |

Reviewer 2: I would not say that asset errors are common. Does not inspire confidence.
```suggestion
| [`--fail-on-asset-errors or --continue-on-asset-errors`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L270-L275) | Forcibly fail the export process should errors with assets be encountered. Use this if stricter validation is required. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.fail.on.asset.errors`, and provides a way to override the default. | no |
```

> | [`--fail-on-asset-errors or --continue-on-asset-errors`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L270-L275) | Forcibly fail the export process should errors with assets be encountered. Use this if stricter validation is required. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.fail.on.asset.errors`, and provides a way to override the default. | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--fail-on-asset-errors`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L270-L275) | Override the default behavior to fail the export process on any errors that occur during asset processing.  This option is available when the export-project-configure defaults for `option.fail.on.asset.errors` is `False`. | no |
| [`--fail-on-asset-errors or --continue-on-asset-errors`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L270-L275) |  Override the default behavior to ignore any errors that occur during asset processing and continue with the project export.  This option is available when the export-project-configure defaults for `option.fail.on.asset.errors` is `True`. | no |
```

> | [`--seedlist`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L277-L282) | Path to a seedlist file for asset bundling. Specify multiple times for each seed list | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--seedlist`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L277-L282) | Path to a seedlist file for asset bundling. You can specify this multiple times for multiple seed lists | no |
```

> | [`--seedfile`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L284-L289) | Path to a seed file for asset bundling. Example seed files are levels or prefabs | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--seedfile`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L284-L289) | Path to a seed file for asset bundling. Example seed files are levels or prefabs. You can specify this multiple times for multiple seed files. | no |
```

| [`--level-name`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L291-L296) | The name of the level you want to export. This will look in `<o3de_project_path>/Cache/levels` to fetch the right level prefab. Specify multiple times for each level in your game. This is not necessary if the level is already defined inside of a seed list. | no |

> | [`--project-file-pattern-to-copy`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L312-L317) | Any additional file patterns located in the project directory. File patterns will be relative to the project path. Use this for any file not traditionally associated with O3DE projects, such as custom config files, metadata, or license files. | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--project-file-pattern-to-copy`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L312-L317) | File patterns to locate additional files to include in the exported projects. File patterns will be relative to the project path. Use this for any file not traditionally associated with O3DE projects, such as custom config files, metadata, or license files. | no |
```

| [`--game-project-file-pattern-to-copy`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L298-L303) | Like `--project-file-pattern-to-copy`, but for files exclusive to Game Launchers.  | no |
| [`--server-project-file-pattern-to-copy`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L305-L310) | Like `--project-file-pattern-to-copy`, but for files exclusive to Server Launchers.  | no |

> | [`--build-tools or --skip-build-tools`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L319-L326) | Specifies whether or not to build O3DE toolchain executables. This will build AssetBundlerBatch, AssetProcessorBatch. If asset tools have not been built, then assets cannot be processed. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.tools`. | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--build-tools`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L319-L326) | Option to build the minimal O3DE toolchain executables necessary to perform asset processing and bundling for the project. This option is available when the export-project-configure default for `option.build.tools` is False. | no |
| [`--build-tools or --skip-build-tools`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L319-L326) |  Option to skip the building for the minimal O3DE toolchain executables necessary to perform asset processing and bundling for the project. If any of the toolchain executables needed for asset processing and bundling are not available the export process will fail. This option is available when the export-project-configure default for `option.build.tools` is True.  | no |
```

| [`--tools-build-path`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L330) | Designates where the build files for the O3DE toolchain are generated. If not specified, default is `<o3de_project_path>/build/tools`.  | no |
| [`--launcher-build-path`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L334) | Designates where the launcher build files (Game/Server/Unified) are generated. If not specified, default is `<o3de_project_path>/build/launcher`.  | no |

> | [`--allow-registry-overrides or --disallow-registry-overrides`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L337-L342) | When configuring cmake builds, this determines if the script allows for overriding registry settings from external sources. These overrides are used when building the game binaries, specifically for enabling the CMake build flag `DALLOW_SETTINGS_REGISTRY_DEVELOPMENT_OVERRIDES`. For more information, consult the [Settings Registry overview](https://www.docs.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/settings/developer-documentation/). Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.allow.registry.overrides`. | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--allow-registry-overrides`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L337-L342) | When configuring cmake builds, this option allows the script to override registry settings from external sources. These overrides are used when building the game binaries, specifically for enabling the CMake build flag `DALLOW_SETTINGS_REGISTRY_DEVELOPMENT_OVERRIDES`. For more information, consult the [Settings Registry overview](https://www.docs.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/settings/developer-documentation/).  This option is available when the export-project-configure default for `option.allow.registry.overrides` is False. | no |
| [--disallow-registry-overrides`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L337-L342) | When configuring cmake builds, this option prevent the script to override registry settings from external sources. (See the description for `--allow-registry-overrides` for more details). This option is available when the export-project-configure default for `option.allow.registry.overrides` is True. | no |
```

| [`--asset-bundling-path`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L345) | Designates where the artifacts from the asset bundling process will be written to before creation of the package. If not specified, default is `<o3de_project_path>/build/asset_bundling`.  | no |
| [`--max-bundle-size`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L349) | Specify the maximum size of a given asset bundle.  | no |

> | [`--game-launcher or --no-game-launcher`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L352-L357) | This determines whether or not to build the Game Launcher. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.game.launcher`. | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--game-launcher`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L352-L357) | Option to build and package the game launcher. This option is available when the export-project-configure default for `option.build.game.launcher` is False. | no |
| [`--no-game-launcher`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L352-L357) | Option to not build and package the game launcher. This option is available when the export-project-configure default for `option.build.game.launcher` is True. | no |
```

> | [`--server-launcher or --no-server-launcher`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L359-L364) | This determines whether or not to build the Server Launcher on a platform. Which flag shows here depends on export-project-configure defaults for `option.build.server.launcher`. | no |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`--server-launcher`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L359-L364) | Option to build and package the server launcher. This option is available when the export-project-configure default for `option.build.server.launcher` is False. | no |
| [`--no-server-launcher`](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/f0c150d75722b3302753972b28d73a8036b70b31/scripts/o3de/ExportScripts/export_source_built_project.py#L359-L364) | Option to not build and package the server launcher. This option is available when the export-project-configure default for `option.build.server.launcher` is True. | no |
```

For more information on how to export the MultiplayerSample project using the CLI, please see [these instructions](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample/blob/f00b3035285b695b2dbd1b1e59912973f4e1a32f/Documentation/O3DEMPSProjectExportTesting.md).

## Export Script Configurations

> For the standard export script, O3DE also provides functionality for managing your export configurations, either at a global level for all projects, or on a per-project basis. To take a look at this functionality, you can look into the help section of the `export-project-configure` command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The standard export script provides functionality for managing your export configurations. Configuration is set either globally (for all projects), or on a per-project basis. See the help section of the `export-project-configure` command for more details:
```

For more information on how to export the MultiplayerSample project using the CLI, please see [these instructions](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample/blob/f00b3035285b695b2dbd1b1e59912973f4e1a32f/Documentation/O3DEMPSProjectExportTesting.md).

## Export Script Configurations

The standard export script provides functionality for managing your export configurations. Configuration is set either globally (for all projects), or on a per-project basis. See the help section of the `export-project-configure` command for more details:
```cmd
<O3DE_ENGINE_PATH>\scripts\o3de.bat export-project-configure -h
```

You can see the current list of configured settings using:
```cmd
<O3DE_ENGINE_PATH>\scripts\o3de.bat export-project-configure -l

# To see the configured values globally across O3DE
<O3DE_ENGINE_PATH>\scripts\o3de.bat export-project-configure --global -l

# To see the configured values for a specific project (using the Project name registered with O3DE)
<O3DE_ENGINE_PATH>\scripts\o3de.bat export-project-configure -p ProjectName -l

> ```

Reviewer 2: Separate each snippet to its own section, and place the description outside of it (ie remove from the #comment)

Reviewer 2: You can skip the linux example for now

When the `-l` option is used, you will get output like this:
```
O3DE Project Export settings:

  project.build.config = profile
  tool.build.config = profile
  archive.output.format = none
  option.build.assets = False
  option.fail.on.asset.errors = False
  option.build.tools = False
  default.build.tools.path = build/tools
  default.launcher.build.path = build/launcher
  default.android.build.path = build/game_android
  default.ios.build.path = build/game_ios
  option.allow.registry.overrides = False
  asset.bundling.path = build/asset_bundling
  max.size = 2048
  option.build.game.launcher = True
  option.build.server.launcher = True
  option.build.headless.server.launcher = False
  option.build.unified.launcher = True
  option.engine.centric = False
  option.build.monolithic = False
```

To update configuration values:
```cmd
# Update globally
<O3DE_ENGINE_PATH>\scripts\o3de.bat export-project-configure --global --set-value project.build.config=release

# Update by project
<O3DE_ENGINE_PATH>\scripts\o3de.bat export-project-configure -p ProjectName --set-value option.build.assets=True
```

> 

Reviewer 2: See comment about separating out the snippets and the comments
